install_or_upgrade_cask_package   atom
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   audioscrobbler
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   bitcoin-core
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   bittorrent-sync
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   diffmerge
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   firefox
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   flux
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   filezilla
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   gpgtools
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   iterm2
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   macvim
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   qlcolorcode
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   qlstephen
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   qlmarkdown
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   quicklook-json
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   spotify
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   transmission
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   torbrowser
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   vagrant
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   virtualbox
install_or_upgrade_cask_package   vlc

install_or_upgrade_cask_package   google-chrome
